a king who rode a donkey the day
for the Easter party
Jesus came after the city of Jerusalem Another
together with his students the pesach meal
hold
he comes he comes called the people
they almost knocked each other over so quickly
wanted she are all those people wanted jesus
see
jesus comes they called to each other quickly
everyone quickly wanted to be in the front row
stand
maybe they could touch here then
maybe he was lying down and he will
they were hunting them and someone took him out
put it on the road
they pulled branches from the palm trees and
waved at jesus
they wanted readers after a chicken jesus
they cried out loud and saw the people
started to sing
jesus live as allah they all sang
people along the way without it
the disciples of jesus walked with him
by the way of cloaks
they were so 4
watch the good people call and sing
and all that for Jesus our
master
they said to each other how happy they were
jesus 9 king
just didn't understand why jesus was up now
a donkey drove that donkey they had to go for
pick him up in the village
you will find him tied ass what
jesus said
release it and bring it to me now
already jesus on the donkey was a few times
been better and kingdom one
horse
Jesus rode to the temple square
and stepped from his into such an angry he looked
to the crowds around them
traders with cows and sheep
their best prices
pigeon sellers customers the people
and convinced them that they were the most beautiful
doves sat in the stalls
money exchangers busy negotiating
it was a great good day for the
traders
there were many people in the temple and
everyone buy a sacrificial animal
on a day like this she could be golden
doing business
jesus came to the temple to pray
he saw how the place of prayer and
marketplace
it makes him angry it made him
furious
go away he shouted to the traders
with a whip
yoga the cows and the link the temple
out of the traders and faster therma
he throws the tables from the
money changers
and called loading pigeons sellers go
all gone
this is not a market place this is the house
from my father
jesus' friends looked surprised
to the scene
so they had race is not often
experienced
the merchants and the priests
furious
what will we all experience now
with Jesus strips them off angrily but wait
this party doesn't last here
we have a baton for who he thinks he wants what
he is calling himself king
he pretends to be the savior of the
world is the men gossiped
and devised the plans to trap Jesus
to run
that beautiful song of jesus won't last long
take more